[Applause]
hello to you how are you how's life life
is good good oh yeah you're nominated
for not you want how long ago was it you
won the Oscar for Monster High 16 years
16 years ago Wow
yeah I don't think we have iPhones back
then no it was a long that's a long time
ago you didn't have children I did not
have children here's the difference uh
when I got my nomination for that one
because they do it really early at like
5:00 right something I slept that I was
still sleeping to like 10:30 really yeah
yeah I remember those days when you
could still sleep till 10:30 vaguely
yeah not anymore now this nomination I
was I was dealing with two sets of pee
sheets you know because I I'm diaper
training my four-year-old okay I'm
trying to get her out of her night
diapers oh it was a rough night last
night it's a very similar circumstance
we on yeah except the worse yeah yeah
you know what I'm saying you never have
really Wow well I mean it's a disgusting
topic I'm sorry to even bring it up oh
do the kids know that you're nominated
that you in yeah about these awards yes
yes uh you know it's been a thrilling
couple of weeks I was nominated for a
Golden Globe nominated for Critics
Choice yes
like I said okay to be enthusiastic be
because my children are they are okay
spoiler alert I didn't win right yes yes
did you tell them how do you guys sound
like that reaction yeah they were they
were it was a mixture of super sad and
also kind of Angry ladylee you didn't
win kind of like yeah they were upset
the little one was like well I really
wanted you to win uh-huh like angry and
the other my eight-year-old was just
like just pure disappointment you know
and and so when the when the Oscar
nominations came in it was like you know
the third time that they were like now
they're suspicious they're just like you
win this time there's a good shot I'm
probably not gonna win and my oldest
just went wow this sounds like a waste
of time have you figured out like your
plan for the Oscars who you will break
will you bring a date to the Oscars yes
I'm taking I usually take my mom it's
usually a mom daughter night yeah and
she's fun are you still watching The
Bachelor you are yes did you what do you
like this season so far yes it's really
good don't you think it's good well you
know that none of them are really good
but it's good wait explain that to me
how can you say such a thing
well because this is using huge waste of
time it's similar to what your kids were
saying I mean I say I sometimes look at
all the hours that I've logged watching
the show yeah and I think about the
languages I could have learned to speak
that was never gonna happen but I like
to think of it punish myself for
watching the show oh it's so good and
maybe even worst of all rarely is there
a relationship at the end and yet we
continue we continue to buy into it it's
like if like on Jeopardy nobody ever won
any money you really sound like Jackson
Mars Aaron my eight-year-old yeah people
say to me a lot yeah yeah it is true
none of those relationships I mean
there's some of them they have kids now
and stuff so some of them I didn't watch
those you do yes it's not as religiously
as I watch the train wreck really does
some of them have good I think one cause
you know there's a few the first one one
of them might be from like a paradise my
deck doesn't count the bachelor paradise
it's a kind
I mean come on they got married and they
have a kid that's a huge economy they
might as well just put a camera in a
motel at Spring Break true true and then
we celebrate you really like it I do
really what is it I love about the show
well uh I love the unpredictability
uh-huh I love that my wife literally
picks the winner the first episode every
single year listen even if I had that
skill which I don't mm-hmm it kind of
ruins the show though don't you think
you want to kind of you almost have to
give yourself a smaller bottome so that
you don't pick it and then you can enjoy
it yeah if you pick it then that's kind
of done right well yeah but you don't
know for sure you're gonna be right so
then you're like okay maybe I'll be
right maybe I won't be right that's part
of the default then right now they're
all winners in my book state you ever
went on Oh
without getting too disgusting or
terrible so I went on a date in my 20s
with this guy who was really super
handsome I was like really into it and
he picked me up for dinner we went and
had dinner it was lovely like I was like
this is going really well and he drove
me home and you know I kind of signaled
that I was in for a kiss like if you
wanted to be like you know you'd do that
thing or it's like yeah you know so I've
heard yes
this might explain your problem with The
Bachelor anyway explain a lot of my
problems he pulled over by my house and
we started kissing and it was really
good and and then he pulled away and
whispered make out with my nose make out
with my nose and and he wasn't this
wasn't a joke make out with my nose
[Applause]
because I'm still I've yet to meet
another person who likes to have
somebody make out with their nose I've
never met another person yeah well there
aren't any other people besides him to
kidding her no he was like really into
it and I and then cuz he was like like
it was good so I didn't really like mess
it up right I gave him like a little
peck on the nose uh-huh
there's like no make out with it Wow Wow
The Bachelorette gets a rose you got a
nose
when that hilarious note so these
parodies here about the movie
Rajyam needs you your silence is being
noticed well the whole point of an
investigation is to find the truth
Jeanine until that happens I don't have
a lot to say if this charge sticks the
working assumption will be every woman
that Fox got down on her knees even you
if we sweep this thing under the rug
Jeanine and it happens again under title
seven Fox will be liable for
compensatory and punitive damages that
could be hundreds of millions let's
worry about the lobby for we do the PR
okay you sound exactly like megyn kelly
I didn't even know you could impersonate
megyn kelly until I saw you and in fact
I spoke about this during the commercial
break with Margot Robbie but like it's
unbelievable how much you sound like her
are you are you regularly good at
imitating oh no no no no I don't have
that natural ability at all I mean I
like when I do this kind of work I like
to kind of give it a shot you know cuz I
felt like she's so well-known that that
would be and she's so distinctive with
her sound so I worked with this
incredible woman
Carla Meyer here in Los Angeles and
there should be an Oscar category for
dialect coaches because I not it's not
an easy thing for me to do and she got
me to kind of understand why Megan
sounds the way that she does why does
she sound the way she does it's
complicated and it took us a very very
long time to figure it out and for a
good six weeks there I didn't think it
was gonna happen it was pretty but I
have this dog who is kind of like my dog
husband you know he's always just right
next to me home is Berkeley and he's a
rescue but he's just always right where
I am that's where he is and so he sat
with me for hundreds of hours trying to
get this sound right did you get it no
he
I mean he hello Lisa I felt bad that he
had to but he is committed in this
relationship with me and so six weeks
into it I got a little panicked I was
like I don't think this is gonna happen
and then I did this kind of monologue
and I gave it a real shot and and out of
nowhere
Berkeley was just been asleep for six
weeks by my feet went like yeah just
look at his face I was like why are you
something like that you're not my mom
really and that's when I was like oh I
think we're there your co-star Margot
Robbie is nominated as well it's just uh
it's nice you get you get to go there
together and represent me together that
was kind of am I correct in saying that
that kind of began the what was now
known as the me to movement that
situation at Fox News it really was the
first story that kind of catapulted us
into this movement that we find
ourselves in right now so when gretchen
carlson filed this lawsuit against roger
ailes for a sexual harassment she was
really completely alone because none of
the women really at fox came forward
with their stories for good two weeks
and there was no me two or time's up
that could really support her so if she
really was one of the first women to do
something this and then succeed you know
not only did she succeed with the
lawsuit other women came forward shared
their stories she also got an apology
from Fox Roger Ailes was let go I mean
it's it's a huge accomplishment taken to
any of those women any of those
characters that were in the film and
megyn kelly maybe even particular I
would imagine megyn kelly as
uncomfortable she was she must have been
so flattered that you were playing her I
think that it's hard to kind of relive
something like this you know I think
sexual harassment is it's one of the
most pervasive you know horrible things
that can happen to a man or a woman in
their workplace and the idea of kind of
having to relive it is it is a tough one
and we really wanted to be respectful to
them to all of the women who were part
of the story but I do think that they
were very
gracious in understanding the power of
their story and therefore you know they
just recently released a clip megyn
kelly did that she watched the movie
with a few of the women and they they
kind of talked about the film and you
know and Megan and her Megan Way had a
few issues of course he was expected but
the one thing that they could all agree
on was that the essence of what it felt
like who worked there and and and what
it felt like to be under that pressure
that constant pressure are being
threatened or your job being threatened
to them was something that moved them
incredibly and so that was really
validating for us and the film we wanted
to get that part right well you
definitely seems like you got it right
and also it is very entertaining to
watch as well let's call bombshell and
Charlie Stewart is nominated for an
Oscar for hey I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back
this holiday season in a fun way by my
new book the serious goose I wrote it
and through it all the money I make goes
to children's hospitals across the
country or watch another gaming video
and don't help kids it's up to you